Come here.
I'll tell you what.
I hate it when people touch my things.
What happened today is not allowed to happen a second time
Every minute of your life
Can only move the tire
Understand? Say if it wasn't for him
How could my mother possibly die?
How could I be ridiculed by myself?
Living a life of begging
What's the matter with you?
Shouldn't you be in pain?
It's no longer necessary
I know what it feels like to lose a loved one
I know how powerless that feeling is
You can at least take revenge on me
I can't take revenge on you anymore.
If it makes you feel more at ease
Continue? No, no.
You shouldn't have this reaction
i
I don't need your pity.
You remember me you remember me
To make your life worse than death
I must let you survive
beg for death
Mom, everything I do is for you
But why?
Why do I suddenly feel like I made a mistake today?
Mom, I brought down Lin's
Brother Lin is also dead
Even I'm still torturing his daughter
But why?
Why am I not happy at all?
I don't want to be anything.
I don't want to go to any wealthy family either, mom
I just wish we mother and son
To lead a simple and happy life
If I could choose
I can live without money
No status.
No right
I just hope you can come back
Ah!
Ah, I really miss you
Dad, the mistake you made
I'll pay it back for you